0x01-variables_if_else_while/README.md, before:

# C - Variables, if, else, while.

## 0-positive_or_negative.c

This program will assign a random number to the variable n each time it is executed. Complete the source code in order to print whether the number stored in the variable n is positive or negative.

Requeriments:

- The output of the program should be:
  - The number, followed by
    - if the number is greater than 0: is positive.
    - if the number is 0: is zero.
    - if the number is less than 0: is negative.
  - followed by a new line.

## 1-last_digit.c

This program will assign a random number to the variable n each time it is executed. Complete the source code in order to print the last digit of the number stored in the variable n.

Requirements:

- The output of the program should be:
  - The string Last digit of, followed by
  - n, followed by
  - the string is, followed by:
    - if n is greater than 5: the string and is greater than 5.
    - if n is 0: the string and is 0.
    - if n is less than 6 and not 0: the string and is less than 6 and not 0.
  - followed by a new line.

## 2-print_alphabet.c

This program prints the alphabet in lowercase, followed by a new line.

Requirements:

- You can only use the putchar function (every other function (printf, puts, etc) is forbidden)
- All your code should be in the main function
- You can only use putchar twice in your code

## 3-print_alphabets.c

This program prints the alphabet in lowercase, and then in uppercase, followed by a new line.

Requirements:

- You can only use the *putchar* function (every other function (printf, puts, etc) is forbidden)
- All your code should be in the main function
- You can only use putchar three times in your code

## 4-print_alphabt.c

This program prints the alphabet in lowercase, followed by a new line.

Requirements:

- Print all the letters except *q* and *e*
- You can only use the *putchar* function (every other function (printf, puts, etc) is forbidden)
- All your code should be in the main function
- You can only use putchar twice in your code

## 5-print_numbers.c

This program prints all single digit numbers of base 10 starting from 0, followed by a new line.

Requirements:

- All your code should be in the *main* function.

## 6-print_numberz.c

This proigram prints all single digit numbers of base 10 starting from 0, followed by a new line.

- You are not allowed to use any variable of type *char*
- You can only use the *putchar* function (every other function (printf, puts, etc) is forbidden)
- You can only use *putchar twice* in your code
- All your code should be in the *main* function

## 7-print_tebahpla.c

This program prints the lowercase alphabet in reverse, followed by a new line.

- You can only use the *putchar* function (every other function (printf, puts, etc) is forbidden)
- All your code should be in the *main* function
- You can only use *putchar* twice in your code

Commit message:

delete exec, add 8-print_base16.c, README.md

0x01-variables_if_else_while/README.md, after:

# C - Variables, if, else, while.

## 0-positive_or_negative.c

This program will assign a random number to the variable n each time it is executed. Complete the source code in order to print whether the number stored in the variable n is positive or negative.

Requeriments:

- The output of the program should be:
  - The number, followed by
    - if the number is greater than 0: is positive.
    - if the number is 0: is zero.
    - if the number is less than 0: is negative.
  - followed by a new line.

## 1-last_digit.c

This program will assign a random number to the variable n each time it is executed. Complete the source code in order to print the last digit of the number stored in the variable n.

Requirements:

- The output of the program should be:
  - The string Last digit of, followed by
  - n, followed by
  - the string is, followed by:
    - if n is greater than 5: the string and is greater than 5.
    - if n is 0: the string and is 0.
    - if n is less than 6 and not 0: the string and is less than 6 and not 0.
  - followed by a new line.

## 2-print_alphabet.c

This program prints the alphabet in lowercase, followed by a new line.

Requirements:

- You can only use the putchar function (every other function (printf, puts, etc) is forbidden)
- All your code should be in the main function
- You can only use putchar twice in your code

## 3-print_alphabets.c

This program prints the alphabet in lowercase, and then in uppercase, followed by a new line.

Requirements:

- You can only use the *putchar* function (every other function (printf, puts, etc) is forbidden)
- All your code should be in the main function
- You can only use putchar three times in your code

## 4-print_alphabt.c

This program prints the alphabet in lowercase, followed by a new line.

Requirements:

- Print all the letters except *q* and *e*
- You can only use the *putchar* function (every other function (printf, puts, etc) is forbidden)
- All your code should be in the main function
- You can only use putchar twice in your code

## 5-print_numbers.c

This program prints all single digit numbers of base 10 starting from 0, followed by a new line.

Requirement:

- All your code should be in the *main* function.

## 6-print_numberz.c

This proigram prints all single digit numbers of base 10 starting from 0, followed by a new line.

Requirements:

- You are not allowed to use any variable of type *char*
- You can only use the *putchar* function (every other function (printf, puts, etc) is forbidden)
- You can only use *putchar twice* in your code
- All your code should be in the *main* function

## 7-print_tebahpla.c

This program prints the lowercase alphabet in reverse, followed by a new line.

Requirements:

- You can only use the *putchar* function (every other function (printf, puts, etc) is forbidden)
- All your code should be in the *main* function
- You can only use *putchar* twice in your code

## 8-print_base16.c

This program prints all the numbers of base 16 in lowercase, followed by a new line.

Requirements:

- You can only use the *putchar* function (every other function (printf, puts, etc) is forbidden)
- All your code should be in the *main* function
- You can only use *putchar* three times in your code
